# VAKNet
CS231n Final Project by Vikram Pattabi, Kiko Ilagan, and Anoop Manjunath

## What is this repository for?

VAKNet is a convolutional neural network system build to solve the problem of image super-resolution. As part of the project we generated several different models.

### main.py

main.py is the main point of interface for the model. It implements a CLI inspired by the CS224n squad cli enabling easy training, testing and evaluation of models.

### examples

Folders containing examples of our model's inputs and outputs:
-original: original test images
-2x input images: test images subjected to our blurring and 2x downsampling/upsampling
-4x input images: test images subjected to our blurring and 4x downsampling/upsampling
-2x output images: each model's (in subfolder) prediction on the 2x input images
-4x output images: each model's (in subfolder) prediction on the 4x input images
-residuals: examples of the residuals generated by the residual networks

### experiments

Folder containing the weights and tensorboard training graphs for each of the main models we have generated. Due to github space constraints, each folder contains only the JSON containing the parameters which the model was trained with

### data

Folder which contains the scripts we wrote to download the data and split it into tiny datasets for easier training/testing as developed was occuring

### architecture

Folder contaning each of the model implementations. It also include inception_resnet_v2.py as well as the graphs and weights provided by tensorflow slim for our residual net. The file config.py provides the basic configuration parameters for each model.

### architecture/core

Folder containing the core model class and utilities from each each of the individual models inherit. Model.py implements basic model building, fitting, tracking, and evaluation functions. utils.py implements a number of utility functions associated with inputting the image into the model, in particular functions to perform the blurring. The code for generating the gaussian kernel was taken from antolio from the github project TensBlur.

## Credits

The cli interface was inspired by CS224n squad final project
The inception net residual network was taken from tensorflow's slim interface
The code for generating the gaussian filter was taken from antolio from the github project TensBlur.
